hi I'm Alan Jones executive editor of
foreboding world magazine premier Island
Table Rock Lake in Missouri with Rick
Lapointe who's a full-time guide and
Ranger pull staff through they'll rip
talking about dedication you just came
off a lake after catching 15 or 20
keepers I'm glad they didn't make give
me allow me to make that same call I
might still be out there but thanks to
you for coming in for a few minutes of
talk about this great new boat for range
or the Z 118 now I know this is a lot
more affordable version of some of the
really great tournament boats out there
and I'm seeing a lot of the same
features what we have going on up here
well we got the recess trolling melt
pedal that's standard and then we got
the the graph that's just set right in
the front
it's flat and then the recessed control
buttons up there it's a great front end
you know for being able to fish all day
yeah you can look right down at your
graphing down here on Table Rock it's
very important you know being able see
your graph and then right in front of
them see the fish on it you know what a
drop deep Jay yes we do a jig in school
and fishing and drop shot fishing so you
know our graph is our number number one
importance on this like yeah you'll see
it well I know we have incredible
storage whoo - what do we have well we
got two actually two rod storage areas
we have the side storage right here with
the tubes where you can put eight foot
rods in in eighty nine foot boat that's
very uncommon you know we're seeing
there before and you can fit many rods
in here and if you do if you want to you
can put rods in the center storage also
it put rods in there or tackle storage
you can change that up you can move
those storage dividers in there exact
boxes in there and it's it's amazing
they're just for an 89 foot boat this is
just phenomenal tournament fishing boat
what's great I noticed we having some
nice touches to people over there oh
yeah occasionally like a
carbonated beverage like a soda or
something like that oh yeah yeah
definitely
this cooler is actually a pretty neat
little design and it has a little shelf
in there where you can sit sandwiches in
so it won't fall into your eyes ambition
the soggy sand without but it's a great
cooler great storage out in front of it
and I tell you what for this size boat
and the ride is just tremendous
what's great let's take a look at the
helmets do we have here well rip this
doesn't feel like a 18 and a half boat
when you're sitting at the helm here no
I you know I'm a big guy I got plenty of
legroom and plenty of room on the
steering wheel and another you know deal
here you can put a large graph and
that's recessed and a control panel
right here and the gauges are handy I
mean it's just it's a great layout it is
unless you've taken care of the
co-angler definitely you got the plenty
of ample storage for your coin lers rods
and one thing I wanted to mention is the
rod buckles up there and when you put
your rods in here there's a little
cutout right here where your rod tips
will set in you know with a shorter boat
you need that extra room for your rods
is set sort of not banging and then the
fiberglass yeah protect your rod tips
too I see the photo fishing to get a
break a few rod tips my stepping on them
but what keeps the rabbinate guys happy
I love the access to the back deck here
to this fantastic oh yeah this little
storage panel here is optional and it's
just phenomenal you know for a
tournament fishing boat you can put your
rope so you can put your call strips in
here or you know whatever you need to
that's real handy or wall or keys in
there let's take a look at the back that
we have going on the first thing I want
to show you is these live wells there's
plenty of room in these live wells for a
tournament limit for each your co-angler
in the pro they're separated by two
pumps but yet it's a divider in there so
if one of your pumps ever goes out you
still got aeration to both live walls
well it's a definite
both each other I notice I didn't stop
you a small mouth from yeah yeah it's
you know you got to make sure you have
cull scripts on them fish because they
will jump back and forth if they get all
excited it's great I noticed you have an
Evinrude 158 h Oh back who is that going
to be the standard engine yeah this boat
is rated for a 150 and the Evinrude 150
is just a great motor and fuel efficient
and I tell you what it really gets this
boat along well sounds like a great
package thanks for you Beth preciate it
thank you we just finished testing the
range of Z 118 starred by Evan reads 150
HL now this is going to be the
management for this boat it's the
maximum horsepower and you really
wouldn't want to pile it with anything
less the heavy on this boat is you get
one of the great features of the really
high tournament high dollar tournament
boats for long lost money the big
Rangers can run over 60,000 this one's
coming in a little
34,000 so it's about that a lot of
people can afford still get the Ranger
quality know if this 70 had 150 we got
real good performance we had a time the
plane of 3.5 seconds went to 30 miles an
hour in 8.4 seconds with a top speed of
58 miles an hour and at any speed
dispose really handling well you keep it
really good slow
we had it done on the teams and it still
stayed on playing so if it gets kind of
raft fair know this is 18 and a half
foot bed and it's not real huge so in
rough water you can stand plane and keep
control for more information on the
Rangers the 118 and other great boats
better betting will become I'm Ellen
Jones and there see on in the water
you